ABOUT US

Asean International Hotel is located in the heart of rapidly expanding business, shopping and entertaining district of Hanoi. We are within of Giang Vo Exhibition Center, Hanoi International Super Star Bowl, Diplomatic Compounds and quick driving away from Noi Bai Airport International, Metro Cash & Carry Whole Sales Supermarket. 

At Asean International Hotel, we offer refined dinning, luxurious accommodation and entertainment for both business and leisure travelers in The French architectural style building and decoration in the Tradition of The Friendliest Hotel in Town.


Recognized as The Friendliest Hotel in Town because of its personalized service and attention to details, Asean International Hotel with it’s warm and cozy atmosphere will please most of demanding business and leisure travelers. 

The hotel's has 66 luxurious and well - designed rooms with high standard of amenities. The elegant" A Dong” Restaurant specializes in Vietnamese traditional cuisines and delighted dishes from Japan,  Korea, China to Western countries. Business Center provides fully secretarial services, conference and meeting rooms. Asean Club will help our loyal guests to relax with all the recreational services such as Fitness Center with Gym, Steam, Sauna, Jacuzzi,  Body Massage, Foot Massage, Swimming Pool, Beauty Salon, Karaoke rooms. Tasting our services, you will find the differences and the satisfaction over your expectation.

Hotel Name: Asean International Hotel
Address: No 8 Chua Boc street, Dong Da Dist., Hanoi, Vietnam.

Tel  :(84-4) 852 9108
Fax :(84-4) 852 9111
E-mail: asean@hn.vnn.vn 
Web site: http://www.aseanhotel.com 

Hotel Category

International 4-Star Hotel 
The Friendliest Hotel in Town 
Independent Hotel 
Number of Staff: 135

Hotel Facility and Equipment

2 Guest Elevators 
High Speed Internet Access 
66 Guest rooms & Suites 
Business Center 
A Dong Restaurant 
Hanoi Old Quarter Bar 
My Wife’s place Bar

INDEX
You are visitor number: 16214 
© 2002 - 2003 ASEAN INTERNATIONAL HOTEL. All rights reserved. 
Designed by LHS Internet
